README for CGIwrap:
-------------------

This is CGI-Wrap - a gateway that allows more secure user access to CGI 
programs on an HTTPd server than is provided by the http server itself. The
primary function of CGIwrap is to make certain that any CGI script runs with
the permissions of the user who installed it, and not those of the server.

CGIwrap works with NCSA httpd, Apache, CERN httpd, NetSite Commerce and
Communications servers, and probably any other Unix based web server 
software that supports CGI.

This code may be freely copied and distributed as long as the documentation
and README files are kept intact. You may not modify and redistribute 
CGIwrap without my permission. Permission is granted to include CGIwrap on
any CD-ROM or online software collection as long as I get a complimentary
copy of the CD-ROM, or at the very least, you send me an order form.
 
An important note is, this script makes the CGI access MORE secure, but 
it does not make CGI "secure". By it's very nature, CGI itself can 
never be 100% secure, it is always dependent on the script itself. It is
always a good idea to pay attention to the various unix security and CGI
authoring news groups. If in doubt, show your scripts to someone who is more
experienced, they might catch something you missed.

 -- Nathan Neulinger (nneul@umr.edu)


Installation Instructions:
--------------------------
Read doc/NOTES for suggestions and restrictions for specific architectures.
Read doc/INSTALL for compilation and installation instructions


Quick Install:
--------------
	Type "./Configure"
	Answer the questions
	Type "make"
	Copy cgiwrap to your cgi-bin directory
	Make symlinks to cgiwrap: cgiwrapd/nph-cgiwrap/nph-cgiwrapd
	Make it owned by root, and mode 4755. (or 4750 if httpd in own group)
	
	
Mailing List:
-------------
To subscribe to the CGIwrap mailing list, which has discussion about CGIwrap, 
hints and tips, and announcements of new releases: Send an email message
to "listserv@rollanet.org" containing:

	SUBSCRIBE CGIWRAP FirstName LastName
	
To unsubscribe from the list: Send an email message, from the address you are
subscribe at, to "listserv@rollanet.org" containing:

	UNSUBSCRIBE CGIWRAP 


FTP Site:
---------
The current version of CGIwrap is available from:

ftp://ftp.cc.umr.edu/pub/cgi/cgiwrap/
